#docker tutorial
docker build -t fastapi . #once<br>
# That -t is tag, I just tagged the image name as fastapi, otherwise Docker would name it a 12 digit hex code like 7f4c2e8b9a10. I have to run in the next command with this 12 digit code everytime. Why not, because it is the true name of my Docker image. Beside, another important thing -t does is it tags the Image like, name:version, in this case fastapi:latest , it considers the latest build as the latest version. The command `docker system prune` also leaves it as it is, it leaves the fastapi:latest Image. So, thats why docker system prune does not clear docker build and I will not have to use docker build -t fastapi after the system prune command. If I really want that fastapi:latest Image to be gone, I should use `docker system prune -a` instead, -a is for all, not apple. 
docker run --rm -p 8000:8000 -v "$(pwd):/app" --name fastapi_container fastapi 
<br>
#to run the command
docker exec -it fastapi_container python type_basic.py #to run another python script in that container
<br>
# Just Ctrl+C to stop the run 
# fastapi is the Image i.e. the blueprint. The fastapi_container is just a house from that blueprint. I can make many house with the same blueprint. If I did not name the container, it would automatically name itself as some adjective-scientist name like, flamboyant_mendel or suspicious_heisenberg. I have to find out the name by the command `docker ps`.
# "" tells Bash to treat everything inside as one single block even if there is any space in there. $() is the Bash subshell, it spews out the result, in this case, the result of pwd. The result for "-v $(pwd):/app" is the current folder name then, adds :/app after that name. Here, the -v stands for Docker volume btw.
# docker run --rm, here --rm tells it to sweep up the container once it runs, to prevent bloating up storage, -p is port. The colon, left side is my actual pc, the right side is the fake linux computer
# We write CMD ["uvicorn", "main:app", "--host", "0.0.0.0", "--port", "8000", "--reload"] in the Dockerfile, to prevent a catastrophe, when we do Ctrl+C to end the process, this json array like command stops everything including uvicorn. If I did not do that, if I ran, CMD uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --reload, then Uvicorn is left to run in the background, eating my ram. Uvicorn is an ASGI web server. It listens to HTTP requests, hands them to Python, waits for a json dictionary from Python and gives it back to internet. After that, main:app looks for a file names main.py, go inside that folder, looks for a variable named app. The port 0.0.0.0 tells the Linux container not to bind with localhost 127.0.0.1, it will just talk with itself. If I open my app from Dockerfile, my app will be unreachable. 0.0.0.0 tells the container to listen to anybody who knocks. The extra --reload kills uvicorn everytime I edit my file and save it in my editor and rerun main.py. But in real world, in production environment, that --reload spends a lot of AWS server's CPU power to check and recheck repeatedly to see if the code changed. So, the --reload is developer's friend, but in production, when we deploy the code, we will NOT use --reload.
# Put any valuable API KEY in the .env file, then in the .gitignore and in the .dockerignore, put .env in both ignore files. THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT
# Then the run command with --env-file will be
docker run --rm -p 8000:8000 -v "$(pwd):/app" --env-file .env --name fastapi_container fastapi 
# I cannot run the run command in another terminal btw, the docker will throw an error saying, the fastapi_container is already in use, I have to rename to build a different container.
# Just run `docker system prune` to occassionally janitorial strike, keeping your storage clean
